Since we already filtered
the transactions that included facials
when creating the store data, we can
reuse that output for the sales data.
We want to aggregate the transaction
data to the store week level.
So let's add a summarize tool and
connect it to the filter tool
that checks for facials.
We can group by region store
in our data information, and
we'll sum our gross margin and
sales information.
We now have a data set that we wanted
that shows the gross margin in sales for
each store, for all transactions
that included a facial per week.
Now we can drag an output tool onto
the canvas and save the data for
later use in a file named
store sales analysis data.